chore(flags): add more docs on using evaluation runtimes + evaluation tags (#13107)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/creating-feature-flags.mdx

### When to use each evaluation runtime

> > **Important:** Currently, [feature flag dependencies](docs/feature-flags/dependencies) are limited when flags have different runtime environments. Ensure dependent flags share compatible runtime settings.

Reviewer: This is a nicer component
```suggestion
<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Limited dependencies with different run times" type="fyi">

Currently, [feature flag dependencies](docs/feature-flags/dependencies) are limited when flags have different runtime environments. Ensure dependent flags share compatible runtime settings.

</CalloutBox>
```
